---
title: "(Interim) Board Meeting Summary - 2018-03-31"
date: 2018-03-31T18:00:00-06:00
location: "Online (via Discord)"
categories: ["minutes"]
---
## Members in Attendance

* Rebecca Nelson, President (Interim)
* Nathan Spanier, Treasurer (Interim)
* Tonglin Chen, Board Member (Interim)
* Jack Hedlund-Fay, Member

## Minutes
### New Board Member, Jack Hedlund-Fay
Called for vote on making Jack a board member; passed unanimously. Jack is now a
board member, effective immediately.

### Budget/Finances
Nate reports no changes from last meeting.

### Bylaws
Bylaws are complete, recommend looking over it and vote it in as first act once
legally incorporated. Rebecca posted link to draft to Discord.

### Name Reservation
Rebecca reported that it completed successfully; Moe Serifu Circle is now
reserved with the MN Secretary of State.

### Secretary
Still missing secretary. Rebecca called for volunteers, and pointed out that if
we think of any good candidates, we should not hesitate to recommend them.

### Articles of Incorporation
All members reviewed the articles of incorporation and voted to approve them as
well as to file them once the registered agent was set up. Votes:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Tonglin C: Aye
* Jack H: Aye

### Registered Agent
Nate brought up that his lawyer in North Dakota might be able to offer
registered agent services, but it was decided not to pursue this option because
the lawyer resides in North Dakota and Rebecca had already found an online
agent. Voted to enroll in registered agent services with online service:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Tonglin C: Aye
* Jack H: Aye

### Filing for Incorporation
Already approved during motion to approve Articles of Incorporation. No further
business / voting was necessary on the topic.

### Legal Rights Transfer of Moe Serifu Assets
Rebecca Nelson brought up legal transfer and noted that it should be one of the
first acts of board once incorporated.

### Tonglin Chen Resignation
Tonglin brought up that he would like to step down as a board member, citing
concerns with visa status. Resignation went into effect; Tonglin Chen is no
longer a board member, though he is of course welcome to continue to participate
in the meetings as well as all other activities of the organization.

