---
title: "Board Meeting Summary - 2018-10-17"
date: 2018-10-17T18:00:00-05:00
location: "Online (via Discord)"
categories: ["minutes"]
---
## Members in Attendance

* Rebecca Nelson, President
* Nathan Spanier, Treasurer
* Abby Sussman, Director
* Jack Hedlund-Fay, Director

## Minutes
### Call for Additions to Agenda
A call for any additions to the agenda was made. No additions to the agenda at
this time.

### Financial Report
Treasurer Nate S. called for any outstanding receipts for last minute additions
to the report. There were no outstanding receipts. Nate went on to present the
quarterly financial report; a detailed copy of which is posted under the
#finances channel in the Discord server. The report is summarized as follows:

* YTD Gross Income: $187.22
* YTD Expenses: $187.22
* YTD Net Income: $0.00

### Vice President Vacancy
The vacancy in the office of Vice President was brought up. Rebecca called for
any nominations or suggestions. There were no nominations. Rebecca will continue
performing the duties of Vice President until such time as the office is filled.

### Secretary Vacancy
The vacancy in the office of Secretary was brought up. Rebecca called for any
nominations or suggestions. There were no nominations. Rebecca will continue
performing the duties of Secretary until such time as the office is filled.

### Bank Account Creation
Rebecca made a motion to create a corporate bank account with the current
Treasurer and the current President listed on the account as owners, in
accordance with the bylaws (Article IV, Section B “Duties of the Officers”). The
final list of owners listed on the account shall be as follows: 

* Rebecca Nelson, as President
* Nathan Spanier, as Treasurer

Motion was seconded by Nate. Voting is as follows:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Jack H: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Abby S: Aye

The motion passed. Rebecca will coordinate with Nate to get the bank account set
up prior to the next quarterly meeting.

### Budget Preparation
Rebecca motioned for the preparation of an annual budget by the Treasurer. Nate
seconded the motion. Voting is as follows:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Jack H: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Abby S: Aye

The motion passed. Nate will create the annual budget for 2019, to be completed
prior to the 2019 Q1 board meeting.

### Engineering Committee Creation
The proposed engineering committee is a committee responsible for the creation
of the primary product of the circle, Moe Serifu Agent, and is responsible for
engineering process and planning, including timeline estimation, subject to
oversight by the board of directors. It shall be headed by the position of
Technical Lead, who serves as both the manager of engineering efforts and
architecture as well as the chair of the committee, with the responsibility of
reporting on the committee's progress to the board of directors.

Rebecca motioned for the creation of the engineering committee with herself
appointed as Technical Lead. Nate seconded the motion. Voting is as follows:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Jack H: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Abby S: Aye

The motion passed. The engineering committee now exists, effective immediately,
and is subject to giving a progress report at each quarterly meeting.

### Minor Engineer Participation
Rebecca brought up the fact that one of the volunteer engineers for the
newly-formed engineering team is currently a minor, and she mentioned her
concern that the nature of some of the work done by the circle might not be
appropriate for minors.

The board discussed this topic and came to the conclusion that due to the fact
that no works or products of an adult nature are currently being pursued by the
circle, that it would be appropriate for minors to volunteer with the
engineering team, with the stipulation that he could be neither a voting nor
non-voting member, and with the stipulation that if the circle were ever to
produce works of an adult nature, great care would be taken to segment out all
such discussion and works, and keep it inaccessible to minors to the full extent
that the law requires.

Rebecca motioned to allow the new member to join the Discord server and continue
participating in engineering efforts. Nate seconded. Voting is as follows:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Jack H: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Abby S: Aye

### Technical Report
As Tech Lead of the engineering team, Rebecca gave a report on the current state
of the Moe Serifu Agent project. As this was the first report, it was a little
longer than future ones will be. The complete report is available as a
presentation on the circle's Google Drive folder. The main points brought up are
as follows:

* Engineering Resources
	* Currently there are 2 team members able to provide consistent effort
	towards project completion: Jarod Pivovar, Engineer, and Rebecca Nelson,
	Tech Lead.
	* An announcement of the new volunteer engineer, Jarod Pivovar.
* Project Timeline
	* April 26, 2019 is the target for the alpha release of MSA. The product is
	slated to have graphical and audio output at that time, and thus will be
	ready for alpha testing and early adopters.
	* December 6, 2019 is the target for the general availability release. The
	product is slated to fully support at at least a rudimentary level all
	proposed features, including multiple screens, 3D output, and voice
	recognition.
	* Engineering sprints are set at 1 week. Every release consists of 8 weeks.
	The planning meeting for each sprint takes place on Monday over a Discord
	call.
	* A series of seven releases of the software was shown, as well as the focus
	of each release.
	* Demos will be given during each quarterly board meeting's technical
	report; the latest release completed at the time will be shown. In addition,
	there will be a mid-release demo held by the engineers every 4 weeks; this
	demo meeting is not mandatory.
* Publicity Planning
	* Short FB ad campaign that didn't work because there was no project yet.
	* Also have website, and occasional networking at anime events.
	* Main problem is that we don't yet have a product to show off to get people
	excited about.
	* In order to have possible alpha testers and early-adopters lined up to try
	our alpha release, we may want to consider advertising slightly before its
	release target of April 26th, 2019.
