---
title: "(Interim) Board Meeting Summary - 2018-01-09"
date: 2018-01-09T18:00:00-06:00
location: "Online (via Skype)"
categories: ["minutes"]
---
## Members in Attendance

* Rebecca Nelson, President (Interim)
* Connor Norton, Vice President (Interim)
* Nathan Spanier, Treasurer (Interim)
* Tonglin Chen, Board Member (Interim)

## Minutes
### Mission Statement
Draft text: "To promote and advance the science and research of personal
assistant computing technology in order to help create a sustainably free
ecosystem that improves all aspects of personal life."

Nate brought up the fact that this should be restricted to the non-profit entity
exclusively, and that the wording was not suitable for use with any for-profit
ventures. Rebecca acknowledged this and further clarified that Moe Serifu Circle
is indeed only interested in pursuing a non-profit purpose, and that any
for-profit activities are outside of its domain.

Discussed three goals in order to fulfill the mission statement:

1. "Research and develop a free personal assistant platform, sufficient for use
both as a finished product in and of itself as well as a foundation upon which
future scientific research can be done."
Discussed how this goal applied to the software development of the Moe Serifu
Agent platform.

2. "Protect the public freedom to use the platform and related intellectual
properties both for personal use and scientific research."
Discussed how this goal applied to the licensing model of the Moe Serifu Agent
platform.

3. "Advocate for the use of the platform via promotion within relevant
communities." Discussed how this goal applied to the distribution and
advertisement of the Moe Serifu Agent platform within online communities, and
particularly to be mindful of what kind of advertising is done at what times in
order to maintain a pristine image for the platform.

Voted on adoption of the Mission Statement & Primary Goals as drafted:

* Rebecca N: Aye
* Connor N: Aye
* Nathan S: Aye
* Tonglin C: Aye

Vote passed with unanimous ratio; Moe Serifu Circle has now adopted the new
mission statement.

### Roadmap for Future Changes
Discussed upcoming goals and progress.

#### Name Reservation
Rebecca will file name reservation form with the MN secretary of State within
one week.

Prior to the submission of the name reservation form, Connor will perform
trademark-use research on the term “Moe Serifu Circle” to ensure that we are not
infringing, with the understanding that though he will do his best to act in the
best interest of the circle, Connor is not a legal professional and that any
advice he gives regarding this topic cannot be construed as legal advice.

#### Articles of Incorporation
Rebecca will complete a draft of the Articles of Incorporation within two weeks
from the date of the meeting, which will then be subject to approval by the
interim board of directors.

#### Registered Agent
Registered agent is necessary prior to incorporation. Rebecca noted that
registered agent services can be purchased fairly cheaply at around $99 per
year.

Connor noted that we may be able to get some help with this from an acquaintance
who is a legal student, and will reach out to him. He will contact him during
the next MAS meeting at the U of M.

#### Bylaws
Rebecca will complete a draft of the Bylaws within three weeks from the date of
the meeting, which will then be subject to approval by the newly instantiated
board of directors once the organization is incorporated with the Secretary of
State.

#### Budget/Finances
As interim Treasurer, Nathan Spanier will take over all financial history
documents from Rebecca Nelson. Rebecca will send him all current documentation.

#### Filing for Incorporation
Once a registered agent is set up, and the articles of incorporation is drafted
and approved, Rebecca will submit the incorporation paperwork with the MN
Secretary of State. Planned for next month.

#### Filing for IRS Tax Exemption under 501(c)(3)
Rebecca suggested that MSC hold off on submitting paperwork for federal
tax-exemption.

Nate requested clarification on why Moe Serifu Circle should hold off on
submitting 501(c)(3) exemption determination request, Rebecca noted the history
of open-source organizations requesting 501(c)(3) as well as the cost.

No decision was reached, will be brought up in future meeting.

#### Legal Rights Transfer of Moe Serifu Assets.
Discussed the transference of intellectual property rights, art assets, and mark
ownership to the Moe Serifu Circle, as the current owner is Rebecca. Noted that
this would have to be put on hold until after the organization was formed.
